W-15818513-dw-functions-27-duke (#323)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-core-functions-orderby.adoc

%dw 2.0
output application/json
---

> [{ letter: "e" }, { letter: "d" }] orderBy($.letter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ letter: "b", letter: "c", letter: "a" } orderBy ((value, key) -> value)
[{ letter: "e" }, { letter: "d" }] orderBy($.letter)
```

%dw 2.0
output application/json
---

> { letter: "b", letter: "c", letter: "a" } orderBy ((value, key) -> value)

Author: pls see if wee should restore this or if it was removed from source

I wonder if some manual changes were made to the docs on the site but not in the source or vice versa. Need to figure it out. We intentionally add things to the docs sometimes based on feedback from customers.

> { letter: "b", letter: "c", letter: "a" } orderBy ((value, key) -> value)

Reviewer: Is this example correctly removed?

If no, shall I add it here and to the source?

Reviewer 2: This looks like an improvement. I would add it to the source.

[{ letter: "e" }, { letter: "d" }] orderBy($.letter)
----

==== Output

[source,JSON,linenums]
----
{
  "letter": "a",
  "letter": "b",
  "letter": "c"
}
[
  {
    "letter": "d"
  },
  {
    "letter": "e"
  }
]
----

> 

Author: pls see if wee should restore this or if it was removed from source

Reviewer 2: This looks present in the sources. Let's keep it and have @mlischetti take a look.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, it looks like the order changed and now it's below in line 83

> The `orderBy` function does not have an option to order in descending order
> instead of ascending. In these cases, you can simply invert the order of
> the resulting array using `-`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `orderBy` function doesn't have an option to sort the result in a descending order. In these cases, invert the order of the resulting array using `-`:
```

> === Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Example

This example sorts an array of DateTime in descending order.

==== Source

[source,DataWeave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
[|2020-10-01T23:57:59.017Z|, |2022-12-22T12:12:12.011Z|, |2020-10-01T12:40:10.012Z|, |2020-10-01T23:57:59.021Z|]
  orderBy -($ as Number {unit: "milliseconds"})
----

==== Output

[source,JSON,linenums]
----
[
  "2022-12-22T12:12:12.011Z",
  "2020-10-01T23:57:59.021Z",
  "2020-10-01T23:57:59.017Z",
  "2020-10-01T12:40:10.012Z"
]
----

=== Example
```

> === Example

Reviewer: Is this example correctly removed?

If no, shall I add it here and to the source?

Reviewer 2: Yes, could we track why there's a difference? Maybe these were improvements...
